here this word that the law and has
spoken against you all children of
Israel against the whole family which I
brought up from the land of Egypt saying
you only have I known of all the
families of the earth therefore I will
punish you for all your iniquities can
two walk together unless they are agreed
will a lion roar in the forest when he
has no prey will a young lion cry out of
his den if he has caught nothing will a
bird fall into a snare on the earth
where there is no trap for it will a
snare spring up from the earth if it has
caught nothing at all if a trumpet is
blown in a city will not the people be
afraid if there is calamity in the city
will not the Lord have done it
surely the Lord God does nothing unless
he reveals his secret to his servants
the prophets
a lion has warned who will not fear the
Lord God has spoken
who can but prophesy proclaim in the
palaces at Ashdod and in the palaces in
the land of Egypt and say a symbol on
the mountains of Samaria see great
tumult in her midst and the oppressed
within her for they do not know to do
right who store up violence and robbery
in their palaces therefore thus says the
Lord God an adversary shall be all
around the land he shall set your
strength from you and your policies
shall be plundered thus says the Lord as
a shepherd takes from the mouth of a
lion
two legs or a piece of an ear so shall
the children of Israel be taken out who
dwell in Samaria in the corner of a bed
and on the edge of a couch here and
testify against the house of Jacob says
the Lord God the God of hosts that in
the day I punish Israel for their
transgressions
I will also visit destruction on the
altars of Bethel and the horns of the
altar shall be cut off and fall to the
ground I will destroy the winter house
along with the summer house the houses
of ivory Shall Perish and the group